---
title: "2023"
permalink: /achievements/2023/permalink/
description: ""
---
### **The National School Game Achievement 2023**
The NSG games commenced this year with changes to game format allowing teams to play more games and in tiered groupings.  All our sports groups took part in the competition.  We are proud to garner commendable achievements in the following games:

The **Senior Boys Football team** did extremely well coming in 4th in the West Zone Senior Division and eventually 2nd in Nationals.  Throughout the competition they showed remarkable perseverance and dedication, culminating in the impressive championship win.

At the zonal level, our **Senior Boys Basketball team** came in top 8.  While the competition was tough, their hard work, determination and teamwork paid off and resulted in the outstanding achievement.  Their counterparts the **Junior Boys Basketball team**, also did us proud.  They emerged top position in the Tier 3 Group competition.

The school also supported students who took part in non-school CCA NSG Games.

**Wushu**<br>
Ang Sheng Yang Eddy 5C (Junior Boys 1st International Nanquan (Southern Fist)) – 4th position, 1st International Nan Gun – 5th position)

Qiu Yuexiao 6F (Senior Boys 4-Duan Broadsword – 8th position)

**Swimming** <br>
Lim Zi Yang 4E (Junior Boys 50m Freestyle Individual – 3rd position)


### **National Public Speaking Competition 2023**
The National Public Speaking Competition is a public speaking contest for students in the Primary and Secondary categories (by age group). Contestants get to experience the challenge of competing against the best speakers at the National level. The NPSC is currently into its 10th year of running (after the COVID-19 period).

This year, Afruz Salih from 5G has done our school proud by emerging a finalist (10th place) in the Grand Finals held at the Young Men Christian’s Association headquarters. This was no mean feat as there were two components to the Grand Finals. Afruz had to both present a prepared speech while also being mentally agile and confident enough to give an impromptu speech on the topic of kindness! Indeed, Afruz was ecstatic to be placed as the 10th finalist out of the 13 students nationally who made it to the Grand Finals. Let’s look forward to more great speeches from our budding speakers in future competitions!

Hurray Unity!